0. Prerequisites
	All operations should be done under the root user, otherwise the data can not be fetched

1. Perform the steps
	Step1: configuration file -> installPcap.sh (terminal mode, the database password is 1)
	Verify the method, enter the Mysql database to see if the relevant database (dbPcap-> text).
	Step2: Execute file -> double click pcap_main.py (root user)

2. Instructions for use
	2.1 "rule expression filter" entry, the main write port, host, protocol filtering conditions, the same with the wirehark filter syntax;
	2.2 "database query -> keyword" entry, write the application data segment of the regular expression, similar to the sql statement like, display characters for the ASCII or hexadecimal (same with the same wireshark)
	2.3 installPcap.sh Please select the gb2312 encoding format in the terminal, otherwise the Chinese garbled, but does not affect the use.

3. Basic functions
"Network direct access"
NIC input: eth0, where the name of the Linux terminal input ifconfig after the actual physical network card name, different systems are not the same.
Regular expression: function filtering protocol, port and its combination, the specific wording with the same wirehark filtering rules.
Only listen to the data: When you fill out the network port and the rules of the expression, click on "listen only data", the filtered data will be 500W packets as a unit, save the pcap_file folder. If you want to adjust the number of saved packages, you can modify the TCPDUMPNUM variable size in the pcap_main.py file.

"Local file selection"
First click on the "Select File", pop-up Find Files window, fill in the filter rules "* .pcap | * .p | * .cap" and select the directory, and then click the Find button, click on the list in the left select file, click "Saved "Button to save the record.
If the file is successfully selected, in the "local file selection" of the debugging window, similar to the "selected X files, waiting for the choice of processing" words, said the successful selection of documents.
"Clear selection" will clear the selected file, re-select.
After selecting the file and filling in the filtering rules, click the "Filter and store to database" button.

"Database query"
First, connect the database, the initial situation is no data, but can show the header.
"Keyword" is the user field filter, support regular expression input.
